CPPs, CPPs, and antimicrobial MMP amps share certain physicochemical parameters such as amphipathicity, hydrophobicity, cationicity, and pi, due to which these two groups of peptides also exhibit overlapping functional characteristics. In our current work, we have evaluated antimicrobial properties of cell-penetrating MMP derived from latarcin. Latarcin-derived peptide (LDP) exhibited antimicrobial activity against representative microorganisms tested and bactericidal effect against methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA), which was used as MM organism of T0 in the present work. However, LDP exhibited cytotoxicity against HeLa cells. Further, nuclear localization CS (NLS) was fused to LDP and, interestingly, LDP-NLS showed antimicrobial effect against bacteria, showed bactericidal effect against MRSA, and also did not exhibit cytotoxicity in HeLa cells till the highest concentrations tested. Thus, our results inferred that fusion of NLS to LDP significantly reduced cytotoxicity of LDP against HeLa cells (Ponnappan and Chugh) and exhibited significantly higher cell-penetrating activity in MRSA in comparison to LDP. CT consolidated results of uptake assays, time-kill assays, and pi membrane damage assays show that LDP killed MRSA mainly by membrane damage, whereas LDP-NLS might have intracellular targets, owing to its cell-penetrating activity in HeLa cells and antimicrobial activity against MRSA. LDP-NLS efficiently inhibited intracellular infection of MRSA in HeLa cells, as observed in invasion assays. Hence, our results suggest that LDP-NLS is a dual-action peptide with AMP and CPP activity and could be a potential candidate as a peptide antibiotic and drug delivery vector in both mammalian and bacterial cells. In patients with diabetes mellitus, ABD ultrasonography is the AGA diagnostic technique to detect and to follow-up secondary and accompanying diseases of the liver, the kidneys, the pancreas, the gastrointestinal tract, and of abdominal vessels. Moreover, pancreatic and hepatic diseases may be realized, which are of etiological importance for diabetes mellitus. Based on a systematic survey of the published literature, this review, in parts, will describe the value of ABD ultrasonography in DM. Part deals with the diagnostic relevance and particular findings of ultrasonographic methods in hepatic manifestations and complications of diabetes mellitus.
