The neural organization of the pathways from the superior colliculus (SC) to trochlear motoneurons was analyzed in anesthetized cats using intracellular recording and transneuronal labeling techniques. Stimulation of the ipsilateral or contralateral (CL) SC evoked excitation and inhibition in trochlear motoneurons, with latencies of [missing data] and [missing data] ms, respectively, suggesting that the earliest components of excitation and inhibition were disynaptic. A midline section between the two SCs revealed that ipsi- and contralateral SC stimulation evoked disynaptic excitation and inhibition in trochlear MNs, respectively. PM neurons labeled transneuronally (T3) after application of wheat germ agglutinin-conjugated horseradish peroxidase into the trochlear nerve were mainly distributed ipsilaterally in the Forel's field (h) (FFH) and bilaterally in the interstitial nucleus of Cajal (INC). Consequently, we investigated these two likely intermediaries between the SC and trochlear nucleus electrophysiologically. Stimulation of the FFH evoked ipsilateral mono- and disynaptic excitation, and contralateral disynaptic inhibition in trochlear motoneurons. Preconditioning stimulation of the ipsilateral SC facilitated FFH-evoked MSR excitation. Stimulation of the INC evoked ipsilateral MSR excitation and inhibition, and contralateral MSR inhibition in trochlear motoneurons. Preconditioning stimulation of the CL SC facilitated CL INC-evoked monosynaptic inhibition. These results revealed a reciprocal input pattern from the SCs to vertical ocular MNs. In the SACN intermediates during DNA replication, however, the structure of these intermediates and their mechanism of the suppression are unknown. To examine this reaction, we have isolated and characterized a temperature-sensitive (ts) S2 of mus at the non-permissive temperature. sgsΔmusts cells arrest at GM phase after going through S-phase. Bulk DNA replication appears CR but is defective since the rad checkpoint kinase is strongly phosphorylated under these conditions. In addition, the induction of rad hyperphosphorylation by MMS was deficient at PT. Analysis of rDNA replication intermediates at the non-permissive temperature revealed elevated pausing of replication forks at the rfb in the sgsΔmusts mutant, and a novel linear structure that was dependent on rad. Pulsed-field gel (PACE) of the musΔ mutant revealed an expansion of the rDNA locus depending on rad, in addition to fragmentation of chr XII in the sgsΔmusts mutant at permissive temperature. This is the first evidence that mus functions in quality control of replication forks and that it is involved in the maintenance of rDNA repeats in vivo.
